Update .NET Codestream documentation (#9572)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-features/net-codestream-integration.mdx

First, [install](/docs/codestream/start-here/install-codestream) the New Relic CodeStream extension into your supported IDE of choice, and log in.

<Callout variant="important">

>   As of .NET agent version 10.2.0 the New Relic CodeStream Integration is enabled by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With the release of .NET agent version 10.2.0, the New Relic CodeStream Integration is enabled by default. 
```
